To help decide what’s right for you, start here: 
What’s the #1 thing you want a visitor to do after landing on the page? This one question unlocks the right answer. 
ANSWER : I want to visitor to either CALL for an appt for notarial work,  or purchase an Item from the page ( is this even a good idea lol?), Online Purchase Ex: “Power of Attorney Personalized document” then click to inquire to book an appt by calling or email info@gopronotaries to schedule apt.
Then ask: • Is this tied to a specific campaign or ad? • Is this going to be your primary online presence (your “digital home base”)? • YES.
Do you plan to expand later (blog, service pages, team, content)? YES & NO. Yes, I have a contractor that I want to add to the webpage who is my retired army captain & bi lingual asset to the Veteran component & Spanish speaking clients.
No : I don’t want a blog, service pages, or deep content.
This Notary Biz is a previously established biz that I put in Neutral when I took my executive director position at IWC. A Side hustle that is simple, easy, and generated me quick income with companies that I am still contracted with like Rocket Mortgage etc.
My Bigger online/website 2025 project that is tied to my Other biz, International Health Alliances, LLC ? “Bringing the world together through Optimizing Health”-
My domain drjillnd.com: is attached to this project that got stalled when Michael got ill 4 years ago. Right now it redirected to www.drjillnd.com another website I have for online nutritionals that are direct shipped to consumers.
Once I have those answers, I’ll give you a clear recommendation that fits your goals —and we’ll hit your timeline no problem. 
Let’s build it consciously and aware of what you don’t need, need, and where your vision is and I’ll help tailor mindset to help us both feel good about it. 
THANK YOU! I AM GRATEFUL!





Steve & Jill - Notary Website - 2025/04/10 17:57 EDT - Transcript
Attendees
Jill Marie, Steve @AI-Minded
Transcript
Jill Marie: live interviews.
Jill Marie: jobs via the app to probably a zip code.
Jill Marie: Whoever gets accepts it gets the job and you print everything all that stuff. Yeah. but since I started IWC, I kind of let it go.
Steve @AI-Minded: Got it.
Jill Marie: But let it go mean I wasn't really doing on task. But now I just refreshed all those profiles and emailed those companies and said, "Hey, I'm available these dates and times and all that stuff.
Steve @AI-Minded: Is it competitive?
Steve @AI-Minded: I mean, it's when I was searching, notary companies looking for different brands and stuff, there's so much out, tons. But they can get their I mean,…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot way easier.
Steve @AI-Minded: it's probably on par with getting or harder than a real estate license, right? It's way easier.
Jill Marie: It's way easier. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: So I went to Florida and I did some work for u variety of companies…
Steve @AI-Minded: but one was a solar company and it put together but they had on staff employees go get their notary license to do it and smart kids but they got it done pretty quick.
Jill Marie: Yeah. The difference is that when you deal with banks and…
Jill Marie: title companies and you're in the mortgage refinance business, it's more like the loan sighting system I sent they're like the gold standard of getting people trained in order to know how to properly close a deal without any errors. and I call it the 1enters because a lot of people don't do that. They'll do general notary work where the other day somebody wanted me to go and drop off or just do a power of attorney, and for 50 bucks locally. So that's more general notary work. You can't charge a lot for that.
Jill Marie: The money really is in the title and banking. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: Because the gas station I go to has a sign on it that they do notary services.
Steve @AI-Minded: And so I actually needed something quick and dirty and the guy's like, " he's my brother. I'll call him." can you wait here? And I was like, I gotta go. But I always wondered, what they did there. And this was like I was my 20s and I didn't really know what the gig was. And then I'm like, I need one. Maybe that gas station has it. but I think I was the first person to ask in a long time. But little upsell at the gas station.
Jill Marie: And the banks will do it. one of the things that I was telling John about is that I think Florida when COVID happened by June or July, Florida I think was the first state that started doing remote online notoriizations.
Steve @AI-Minded: I did. Yes, I've done one.
Steve @AI-Minded: Yeah, I did one.
Jill Marie: Yeah. …
Jill Marie: you did plan one. Okay. So, …
Steve @AI-Minded: Yeah, I did it at three in the morning,…
Jill Marie: so yeah,…
Steve @AI-Minded: Yeah,…
Jill Marie: you could do it anytime, Someone shows up in remote.
Steve @AI-Minded: everybody got it.
Jill Marie: So, I had that certification as well, but I let it go because they weren't doing a lot of those and then I remember looking into and I don't think it's something maybe I'll do now in the beginning, but because it was expensive, they made you have a third party to hold the documentation on someone else, a third party server. You had to pay per deal, but it was expensive.
Jill Marie: So unless I'm going to know I'm going to get a lot of volume business and I didn't want to do that. But it became a big thing during co. So I don't know how it is now because I've kind of been out for a year. So yeah
Steve @AI-Minded: Nice.
Steve @AI-Minded: So you've got all your contacts steering back the money in more of the more complicated, mortgage and lending and all that kind of stuff.  I mean, so I'm just curious the business model is, exchange for service, but is there a scale model for this? Is there, what's I'm trying to get a sense of it helps me, and Gene didn't love this, it's like, I get into the business because it helps me put the pieces together and see things. And so that's what I'm good at.
Steve @AI-Minded: So, keep me honest on where I can go and where I can't. But what does a good year look like? where are you going with this? Is there a hire a bunch of Jill's out and kind of promote Jill up into somewhere that you want to be or is this kind of a soloreneur venture and it's, a half a million dollar business or a quarter million dollar or…
Steve @AI-Minded: hundred,000 costs associated with it? Any kind of just like rundown is helpful.
Jill Marie: So the place that some people want to go and…
Jill Marie: scale, which I don't want to do, is to be able to become a signing service where I would get all the relationships in place and then give it out to the two people that I know that want to work with me right now. But it's too tedious and I don't want to be managing people like that. I just don't want to own a signing service. So it's more for me at this juncture more of all right if it could be 50 to 150 grand that would be great. And I say that because in the past it was maybe 65 to 80 grand back in the day. the new part that I'm doing that I didn't do before is the estate planning side.
00:05:00
Jill Marie: So, I have a guy that I met through Michael's Journey that's a veteran advocate and…
Jill Marie: he is a retired army captain, but he's in the cremation business now. He's selling cremation deals and particularly for veterans. And so,…
Steve @AI-Minded: That's weird.
Steve @AI-Minded: Okay. Right.
Jill Marie: I see him every now and then because he wants to check in with me. He's kind of become like a surrogate dad or wants to be in a way. But he wants to send me when he sold two cremation deals yesterday. He's now asking them if they have their estate planning in place. If they don't, he wants to send those clients to me and then I set the pricing for it and…
Jill Marie: he sends the deal over to me. So whether that's 350 and…
Steve @AI-Minded: So joint ventures are I mean…
Jill Marie: he's planning on doing 10 a month minimum is his goal for that. Now I don't know a full package of estate planning, so that's kind of a new component of it.
Jill Marie: that I think could be very lucrative since he wants to build an alliance there with that and he's actively has a goal for himself to do it part-time for his retirement. Mhm. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: because ideally you're carving off the ones that you are the $50 here or there little pops but you're only going out and exchanging your time and service for the big ones.
Jill Marie: Right. Right.
Steve @AI-Minded: Okay.
Jill Marie: So yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Steve @AI-Minded: I So about, quarter million upside if you're only doing the ones that you want to do and you're working your schedule and it's probably a full-time schedule, but you could probably hire, some help and get rid of all the busy work at that price or that revenue.
Jill Marie: I met with a girl today. She's had a notary for a while. She only wants to do general notary work and I'll send it all to you. I'll take a couple of dollars. something like that.
Steve @AI-Minded: Right. Right. Right.
Jill Marie: But my idea was to have everything in place so I have something to do because right now I'm in a situation where I just want to be able to have something to do to fulfill some cash flow coming in…
Jill Marie: but not like go crazy trying to build another business just really part-time at least for the next I don't know till the fall I
Steve @AI-Minded: Yeah, totally.
Steve @AI-Minded: When we are kindred spirits on this. and I love this business model. So I'm very curious because I don't know squat about the notary business model.
Steve @AI-Minded: It sounds very similar to, other residential type services as well. So, I'm starting to see some similarities. it's real estate, too. It's your networking, you've already plugged in. So, starting something from scratch without the network would be a hall. This is lowhanging fruit and You've got your certifications. You've your businesses are filed. I went through Sunbiz and so I look through stuff. I mean, you're buttoned up, right? And so this is definitely a good spot and…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah,…
Steve @AI-Minded: you sound really excited about it when you talk about it. nice.
Jill Marie: because I just pulled out I had a whole setup. Even Michael set me up with a printer for my trunk and paper and a scanner in case I needed something or I got in a jam or someone. So, I was like I pulled that out and I was like, " I still have my printer here. All I do is plug it in and go,
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Steve @AI-Minded: Yeah, that's cool. I used to have that too. You feel really like a boss when you're open your trunk and you've got all your files and…
Steve @AI-Minded: everything like that.
Jill Marie: No, I was like,…
Steve @AI-Minded: I've been a road guy in my first job out of college especially. so when people go to the website, is it people who are looking for that, pop who are doing the searches, and trying to find someone or are there ever who's the ideal person at the mortgage company or who do you want coming to the site or give me the whole breadth of that too?
Jill Marie: you're really going to pick my
Jill Marie: I think a new title company that was going to check me out and see does she really been around for a while, they would look at it. someone who like this new venture with Larry Rivera, his clients that maybe he's going to send them to the site to purchase the document, the estate planning,…
Jill Marie: "Here's the site. he's going to show them where to Have them maybe go on there. I mean,…
Steve @AI-Minded: Do they have to purchase the thing on the site?
Steve @AI-Minded: So trans.
Jill Marie: I don't know if we want to do that or just have it listed on there call to book your appointment now or they could just send an email with what they want. I don't know what you think about that if they could.
00:10:00
Steve @AI-Minded: We'll bat it around and have pressure to have the firm answer we will, but I just have to learn more. So what was the term that you use for buying if they could buy something online? What would it be to see that?
Jill Marie: So, they would purchase let's say an estate planning package for $390 or whatever and they would get a power of attorney. They get their living will their executive directive, anything they need.
Steve @AI-Minded: When you say that are they getting a template?
Jill Marie: No, they would purchase it and then I would create all the documentation with their information.
Steve @AI-Minded: So they input the information and then you're using templates essentially.
Jill Marie: Yes. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: Okay.
Jill Marie: I would use the templates, do all the documentation, maybe send it back without them being able to like so they can review it but can't edit it. Then I would finalize it and they would meet with me to actually deliver the paper not because it would be notorized in person, right?
Steve @AI-Minded: So they couldn't get it from you but then rip it down because it's not notorized. They couldn't use it. it's the twofold. It's one they just give their information and…
Steve @AI-Minded: what they need and someone who's professional puts it all together, but then the stamp is what gets it done.
Jill Marie: Yes, the stamp and…
Jill Marie: two witnesses in Florida estate planning documents they have to be notorized and then two witnesses unrelated to people have to be and there's a charge for that. It's usually like $25 a witness in addition to the document at least with attorneys down here.
Steve @AI-Minded: Okay.
Jill Marie: That's how they do it. Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: So it's your joint venture sending the individual who wants the package, but then there's also companies who might pull you in, The mortgage lenders, right? Companies.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Title companies.
Steve @AI-Minded: And if we had a pie to split up what do you think the groups are going to be right now? It's individuals that are going there finding you…
Steve @AI-Minded: because they need something one-off little hits. Your joint finances are pointing those people there.
Jill Marie: I think the lower percentage would be like general notary work maybe like 15%.
Steve @AI-Minded: Then you've got your mortgage lenders. You've got your title companies. where is it 33 across the percent across the board and those are the three where are we what's missing? So a transfer what's a use case for that? I'm selling a car or…
Jill Marie: Yes. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: All right.
Jill Marie: The title needs transferred. someone needs to verify someone's identity on a …
Steve @AI-Minded: Do you want that work? Okay.
Jill Marie: not really, but I have a friend of mine I met today. She's retired, but she's bored out of her mind. And I said, "Do you still have your notary stamp?" And she said, "Yes." And I go, when I'm gone for two months in July and August figuring out what I want to do with my life when I get business, do you want it all?
Jill Marie: or if I can line you up at business do you want to do some general stuff was an idea no
Steve @AI-Minded: That's kind of like a brokerage,…
Steve @AI-Minded: It's like I'm just spitballing here. It might not be the direction you want to go, you wouldn't be m like my buddy runs he was Birkshshire Hathaway and then he broke off into house and land real estate is his but then he brings on realtors who he doesn't pay but they go out and sell the brand and then he takes a cut of everything because he's behind him doing the website and…
Steve @AI-Minded: all the things that they didn't have to do you could do that for a notary service right you would get anything you gave her you could just be very nice and…
Jill Marie: Exactly. Yeah,…
Jill Marie: absolutely. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: do you want all this business while I'm gone but she could be someone who's part-time and takes two months off or full-time. It's just real estate and…
Jill Marie: Just take a fee for service, a fee for the deal, like a referral. And run it through West Coast Notaries.
Steve @AI-Minded: Right. I…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Right.
Steve @AI-Minded: because then you're collecting revenue, but then you're paying the majority of it minus the fee downstream to your 1099 and…
Jill Marie: Exactly. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: then you've got revenue to offset it that, that's a different story, but a lot of things come from that. So is that not what will carry over into the website but there's a potential to have maybe it could because are you interested in joining we're open to talking here's a form that specifically for notary…
Steve @AI-Minded: who want to join and be part of
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Jill Marie: Totally. The general notary work is probably here and there low hanging fruit but very easy. the bigger ticket items and probably more revenue would come from the estate planning. I would say that is going to be a driver because if someone drive wants to send that over and then the title company stuff will be at least probably 50% of it now their rates are dropping so I got to see what's happening right now in the industry.
00:15:00
Steve @AI-Minded: Go ahead. Yeah. Am I the rest?
Jill Marie: Yeah. No,…
Steve @AI-Minded: You said you're gonna go see what's happening outside. sorry.
Jill Marie: no, no.
Jill Marie: in the industry very like Tuesday,…
Steve @AI-Minded: I was like,…
Jill Marie: Wednesday, I was reertifying myself and taking exams.
Steve @AI-Minded: Got it.
Jill Marie: So there's nothing going on in this town around here.
Steve @AI-Minded: I thought you saw something outside and you had to go check. I was like, I'll go use the
Jill Marie: I told John not even the dogs are barking today. It's so quiet around here.
Steve @AI-Minded: …
Steve @AI-Minded: John was up in Philly. I'm pretty sure you already know that. I'm at my condo that's been on the market for 250 days now.
Jill Marie: Yeah, he wanted me to ask you something about that, but we can talk about that later. Something about something you're learning that I have to make sure I learn from you so I don't make the mistake when I go to sell this house. Something like that. He …
Steve @AI-Minded: I mean I guess starts with trusting realtors. I mean Yes.
Jill Marie: it was about renting.
Jill Marie: He was about renting this place.
Steve @AI-Minded: So you're in a HOA.
Jill Marie: I have an HOA in our residential community. Cuz that it's a single family home. I mean, it's attached.
Steve @AI-Minded: Yeah. Your bylaws say that you're allowed to rent.
Jill Marie: Yes. I don't know…
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Steve @AI-Minded: You can't Airbnb though. I imagine it would be rare in Pennsylvania at least to see that we have to have at least six months of a term in our lease.
Jill Marie: if I can because I was thinking about doing that either with military contractors or traveling nurses. …
Steve @AI-Minded: I've had tenants when I came to Florida but I was upside down on it. I mean because the HOA fees here are $813. and then if we have an assessment that goes up and so it's not a investment property…
Jill Marie: wait. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: unless you're holding it for 20 years and then it would be but yeah it's just yeah I don't have that option to rent it also I own bought it with my wife and so we also just don't want to have the property between us and…
Steve @AI-Minded: yeah I guess trying to think of other things in my situation that you  What has done?
Jill Marie: …
Jill Marie: what I think John was mentioning because I was telling him that I'm trying to decide and I'm meeting with my CP told him on Friday so we're going to run the numbers if I rent it is it going to be worth it or should I just sell and get the hell out of here? because there's a lot of properties across the street there's investment companies that have come in and purchased these homes and they're renting them only renters actually renters across.
Jill Marie: But John had mentioned something about if I try to do a short-term rental pull and then I get people in here that damage something or he was talking something about maybe with the same place you were in and…
Jill Marie: there was an issue with getting people in here to rent and so it was something about that. We'll have to ask him next time we talk to him, but it seems like you may not want to rent…
Steve @AI-Minded: …
Steve @AI-Minded: yeah. …
Jill Marie: because Steve's learning some things about renters or people how people can sue me. I think people could sue me or something.
Steve @AI-Minded: I'm about to sue the landlord in Florida. Yeah. I mean, I'm just waiting for April 15th to come in and I'm dropping the bomb on him. But I had a horrific landlord not on the surface, but inc. He's a lawyer out of state and kept my security deposit in the full, 4,500 and then he kept all my property because it was storming and my movers canceled. So, I had to get out of the property. I was moving by myself because my wife had left already.
Steve @AI-Minded: And so, when the mover was canceled, I just left everything at the front door and then let them know. And then he, cut me off and, kept all my stuff. And now he says, he can't confirm nor deny that he has all this. But it really some sentimental stuff. I mean, and I took it very personal because,…
Jill Marie: Yeah. What?
Steve @AI-Minded: he knew what we were going through. I let him know. And, he was inside while I was outside trying to call. So, he broke I got to know landlord tenant law chapter 83 of the state statutes really  and I've got hundreds of hours into this and I found out, the landlord on the Luther Rollins. it was a 10-month lease. I paid my first and last month security deposit to Luther because that's who's on the lease. and for months two through nine, he sent me a package with pre-stamped envelopes and said, "Hey, make out your checks to Araru Enterprises in North Carolina."
Steve @AI-Minded: And with the craziness, I didn't pause to think about that too much. Sometimes my wife wrote the check. We just were paying on time. But the way he did it was that company is a North Carolina entity. It never filed with the Division of Corporations in Florida. So, they're conducting business in Florida. They're collecting revenue in Florida and he's funneling it out to North Carolina. and then on top of all of that,…
00:20:00
Jill Marie: Boy.
Steve @AI-Minded: we had a breakin, I think I told you about that,…
Jill Marie: Yes.
Steve @AI-Minded: …
Jill Marie: Yeah, I remember that.
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Steve @AI-Minded: with home. So, I had requests, faulty motion lights, the gates didn't lock, basic, breaches of code. and he came on site two months after it happened, saw everything, and then just didn't reply to me. we had a sink that got so clogged up after 15 days of not hearing back from him, I finally just said, "Luther, I fixed it. I went and paid for and just did it myself. Thanks for the update. your rent's due tomorrow. Please get the checkout." and so those are breaches of warranty of habitability, and so major violations in Florida plus keeping your security deposit without itemization of costs and…
Steve @AI-Minded: and the way that him and this realtor went about it. was a direct violation of my rights to obstruct my rights to …
Jill Marie: Hey, what is that?
Steve @AI-Minded: basically The realtor says, "Lold me to cease communication. I can't talk to you anymore." I'm like, "Brother, that is a major violation obstruction of rights." So, I'm going after Compass Realy. I'm going after the realtor and I don't make stinks.
Jill Marie: All right.
Steve @AI-Minded: I'm not gold digging. It's nothing like that. it's principal. because these two gentlemen knew what was going on. I was straight forward with them. We paid on time every month. and he just decided, I'm gonna keep your stuff and then he cited rotting food in the fridge as one of the line items for why he's keeping $4,500. there was, I think, a cup of fruit in there, honestly, and it might not have smelled great, when he got to it, but it was like the next day, so it couldn't have been that bad. And also, that's wear and tear. there's things. So, there was no cost associated to that.
Steve @AI-Minded: It was like, blah blah.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: And my grill's out back. And the great thing is I love this grill. It was a gift from my parents. and I really wanted the grill. I had a painting that I had commissioned on that was really special to me. and the fence got blown down from the hurricanes. And so is friends with my neighbor and…
Jill Marie: Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: he sends me a text. He's like, "We're having dinner. I can see your grill from here." And I was like, "Brother, I needed that because I needed unsolicited the right way to get witness testimony." I had my one friend go on the property and record it and I can't use that because I just wanted to know but I'll lose everything if that's an illegal but I was like John you are now my witness thank you brother it can go through our phones and we're clean u but I have gone through there's so much more to this it's actually such an unprecedented case because he's a lawyer and so punitive damages are so hard app to prove…
Jill Marie: heat yes.
Steve @AI-Minded: because punitive means it's with bad faith and purposeful ongoing. It has to be so crazy that it would shock the public. it's very subjective but nobody gets punitive damages. There's multipliers in this. Impunitive is the biggest one but if you're a lawyer, that's really where you start to scratch the surface on hitting the nodes you need to hit to get punitive damage because his profile says real estate expertise. He used his legal email address in the lease, but he didn't pass the bar in Florida. So, you can't rep that's misrepresentation. You can't represent yourself. So he would have intimidation subtly, and then when he got my dispute letter, he called me four times within 24 hours when I specified written communication only. And so he started harassing,…
Steve @AI-Minded: .
Jill Marie: Wow.
Steve @AI-Minded: So when I start to get in I get on principle like this it's rare but when I get going on this I got and I had time and AI resources and I built a brain like an organism of knowledge around this that I've got about I think 67 claims that'll probably roll in together but I mean he* with the wrong person and the wrong year for what we went through but we had a breakin And by him not doing any I told my wife he promised me metal gates, So my wife that and…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: that was a big problem for us because I put my word next to his. So when you really extrapolate it and I really pull it down it's called ease of enjoyment or loss of enjoyment or something like that where you're responsible for the trickle down, And so the divorce that we had wasn't because of Luther it…
Steve @AI-Minded: but he antagonized the s* out of us there. I got PTSD from that breakin. And so you add in disability to this and the way the world is now is I'm playing that card in divorce too…
00:25:00
Jill Marie: Yeah.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: because I don't suffer from it but I did legit have it. and I was waiting for that metal gate, So, I was creating weapons in the backyard. I was up all night.
Jill Marie: Yeah, I can't imagine the tra trauma.
Steve @AI-Minded: Yeah.
Jill Marie: I mean, yeah, just I remember the whole hearing the story that just tackling the guy and Jesus. I mean, just crazy town.
Steve @AI-Minded: I think that was before Infinite Wellness, too. that was such a wild time and…
Jill Marie: It was
Steve @AI-Minded: so I look at this I just finished I did a dolphin tour company down in Gulfport their website and I'm getting some wins under my belt and that was such a traumatic year that I was just a shell of myself through that.
Jill Marie: Mhm. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: So I feel even though I didn't want to work with Gene and this that and the other, I was also just flat out just not capable hard for me to but I wasn't able to put one foot in the front of the other mentally. I just couldn't do it.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: There was a major stuff I had to get through but I was in survival mode.
Jill Marie: I think it's interesting all of I don't know about y'all, but you and I for sure.
Jill Marie: I was like even now that I left even two weeks ago I was like what am I doing? the veil slowly was lifting what have I been doing for three years first of all and then in this I purposely put myself in the framework for infinite wellness because my husband Michael was like you need another project right now. You got because he kept saying I'm dying. We know this. You got to get yourself in a framework.
Jill Marie: So I used that infinite models as an excuse to have a schedule and to have purpose and so I got it. But then I never should have went back, you know what I mean? But I just kept going so I was thinking and I even told Jane, I did all this for you and you still speak to me like that I wasn't even the worst of myself during the time.
Jill Marie: I think I got stronger through the process and I was still able to do it. I was like, did I really do all that and then did it for that's when I realized am I really doing this? Because I was telling John why we told her in December Jean's like now you can buy Damon out if you want and be my partner. yeah. He wanted me to take Damon's position. Yes. Yes.
Steve @AI-Minded: Yeah. buy his equity he wants cash back in the business and…
Steve @AI-Minded: what a sneak.
Steve @AI-Minded: I mean
Jill Marie: I'm like,…
Jill Marie: J never happened…
Jill Marie: because to partner with Oops. Resurrect. I don't want to partner. Bad.
Steve @AI-Minded: H was trying to I mean that's a I mean…
Steve @AI-Minded: unless you have a liquidity event I don't if those companies get bought out and gobbled up very often but it sounds like he just wanted the money slide back in. I mean Wait.
Jill Marie: It did because you know what? His partner Garrett, I don't know if you ever met Garrett. And long story short with that, we'll get back on our thing.
Jill Marie: is that here at his partner in that New Mexico rehab, he's now loaning Gan money against the equity in the sale of that business because Gene is out of money. That's what's happening right now. so there's three partners in that New Mexico rehab and…
Steve @AI-Minded: So he's selling equity. Yeah.
Jill Marie: Jean's one of them. And Garrett, who came in and injected money when the other partner left in December,…
Jill Marie: he was injecting 40 grand a month in for payroll and everything up until this point. 40,000 a month.
Steve @AI-Minded: or 400.
Steve @AI-Minded: Jeez. All right.
Jill Marie: But now Garrett's like since I left and I wouldn't go back.
Jill Marie: girl was like, "If I get Jeene out of there completely, will you work with me and run the place?" And I was like, "Would Jane still partner?" "No." I said, "No, no. If you buy them out completely and you want to run, maybe I'll consider it. Probably not, but maybe." and then Garrett told me, what would you do if you were me?" And I was like, " Get out because it's not going to go. You need to get out." but he said he's now He's giving Gan a loan against whatever the value of that business is in New Mexico
Jill Marie: because Jean's out of money. So Garrett's smart, He's like, I'll loan him the money.
Jill Marie: But right, so when Infinite Wellness goes to hell and then they sell the business in New Mexico, Jean's going to have to take less whatever money on the sale of that, I'll spill each or something. But Garrett's already probably 500 G's in just from February to now again. So it's kind of like good luck everybody because they're going to need it.  Yeah, me too.
Steve @AI-Minded: on CLO basically it's going to slide the equity his way I mean …
00:30:00
Steve @AI-Minded: I don't wish anything bad. I was started to get joy from that, but also I hope he comes around. it's a people can and there was a part of Jean that I kind of liked. you probably got past that.
Steve @AI-Minded: And I probably would have come around to I didn't see your expression, but I felt It's like I trying to talk myself into it for a bit and then I was glad to just kind of let it …
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: but we had a non-dis we had some paperwork that was signed. He went after That so he didn't give a s** about that. went after John afterwards which was a violation of that. he brought in those two people twice without me knowing and I just thought I've never been in a situation like that just was so egregious and offensive that happened
Jill Marie: Total toxic. And that guy get the funny thing is that other guy that you said no way to, he ended up sending Jane a bill instead of the agreement they had 2500 for pictures.
Jill Marie: He doubled it and then refused to give Jean anything.
Steve @AI-Minded: I heard about that.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah. Something like that.
Steve @AI-Minded: He must I mean,…
Jill Marie: So he was knew him…
Steve @AI-Minded: that's a play. He must Isn't he related or something? I mean,…
Jill Marie: since he was a child or something like that.
Steve @AI-Minded: that's something I would do if I really didn't like somebody or didn't want to do the gig. I could see myself doubling …
Jill Marie: His influence.
Steve @AI-Minded: and Yeah.
Jill Marie: Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: Hey, I got some stuff to show you and talk through. and I'm probably going to try to go till about 7:15 at the latest. I have a call coming up that I got to get ready for.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah. No, that's okay. I gota …
Steve @AI-Minded: I can show you too is I did a Dolphin website Salty Pelican Boat Tours in Gulfport.
Jill Marie: yeah. Cool.
Steve @AI-Minded: So, they asked me to come back and…
Jill Marie: That's There he was.
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Steve @AI-Minded: do a little bit more stuff there. So, yeah, it's been really a fun one to work on. and so, let me pull up just going to try to share my screen here. I'm on a massive monitor, which is great, but I'm just organizing myself. Okay, here we go. So, I'm going to show my window. Boom. Okay, you can see my screen. All right. so I've done a fair amount of research on this and right away when John told me about it, just, part of me getting over, back to myself is seeing…
Steve @AI-Minded: how much I can get done in a short amount of time. So literally in the first night, John went to bed when he was here and I went in to my office and I created the prototype of the website without knowing anything, right? I said,…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: "Give me a little bit, right?" And so I just went and I created, the very first one. I have that version of it,…
Jill Marie: Mhm. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: but it was very basic. The point was for me it was like I get stuck in the details or I get stuck here and I just force myself to create a website. And so I showed it to John the next morning. He's like, "You did that last night?" that was really excited about that. And so it just gave me a sense of getting ahead early, right? And so it's evolved a bit,…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Right.
Steve @AI-Minded: but I stepped back and I did research on the entity. Now, I like to get into the weeds because it exposes things and then therefore I don't put you in a bad position. such as doing the research around the trademark and going into Sunbiz and…
Steve @AI-Minded: really kind of looking up a company's skirt for lack of better terms because all that is public information. I'm a very good sleuth but with good intentions, And so if you're a landlord who's I find out you're, embezzling money and at two in the morning I do cartwheels because I've, cracked the code.
Jill Marie: Exactly. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: Yeah, I know how to navigate all these government platforms and have done this jobs that I've had and stuff and I like to and…
Jill Marie: Right.
Steve @AI-Minded: and it's not for any other purpose other than I can't see revenue, I can't see things like that, but I can see a story and that's really what the data tells me starts to piece together.  And so I see West Coast Notaries and I see when it started in 2020, I get on Google Earth and I look at the location of the address that you have filed and I say, " wait a second. That's a post office." And I say, wait a second. Let me just make sure that they're in compliance because sometimes you can't use that." And so I check the division of corporations and you can't.
00:35:00
Steve @AI-Minded: So, as of last year, you guys and a lot of people do this and the landlord I was talking about did it and…
Steve @AI-Minded: that's on my list for him but it's a part of a pattern and a lot of companies don't know this and the state doesn't catch it but you guys are in compliance now because he changed your address I believe to a home or…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: something that was used there. So, at first I was like all right I'm gonna have to bring that up but you guys either you knew it or you changed it and didn't know it but that's a relief. and then I get into, wait a second. There's West Coast is the entity name, and then there's this GoPro thing,…
Jill Marie: I don't know
Steve @AI-Minded: about GoPro,…
Jill Marie: when I logged into Ionos and I saw that, I was like, why did I do that? I don't remember. Yeah, I wonder why I did GoPro notaries. I know I did my Okay,…
Steve @AI-Minded: you've had it. I saw the domain was purchased back in 2020,…
Jill Marie: so maybe Michael
Steve @AI-Minded: it must have been there. but you did a name change in 2025,…
Steve @AI-Minded: early 2025, or you did some no address change, but you did I Okay,…
Jill Marie: Yeah, I did that address change and…
Jill Marie: I had to take Michael off the corporate entity.
Steve @AI-Minded: so I couldn't see…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: what was the officer changes, but I thought at first maybe you introduce the brand name there and a lot of companies will do business not as the entity name, but there's most have a doing business and in Florida, it's a assumed business name a DBA is what it's universally called doing business and so that's really where you're stuck is the GoPro was going to be your DBA is the impression that I got…
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Jill Marie: I see. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: because West Coast Notary Services the ent is the filed entity name and I thought you were going to look at GoPro. So, I looked at the United States Patent and Trademark Office at a federal level and then I looked at the Trademark Office at a Florida level. and I love patent law and intellectual property law and so I get into this but I ran a full analysis and I can send it to you that ranked on a scale of 1 to 10 the risk factors for using GoPro…
Jill Marie: I got you. Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: because of GoPro the camera company. yeah.  And so at a federal level that's a trademark that the rule will it cause confusion in the market? I could have Nike is shoes, but if I come up with Nike home refrigerator consulting, I can use Nike. I can't use their swish, but I can use Nike because no one's going to confuse me with the sneaker company. I'm not riding the coattails of their hard work to benefit.  So, when I look at notaries and I look at GoPro, there's but some of these companies are very aggressive and they're legal and I don't especially if they're public. So, it's a Best Buy company. I wouldn't mess with it. And so, it came back as like an eight, eight and a half out of 10. And then there's also some other residential GoPro, this or that, right? So, there's other Florida companies that are using it.
Steve @AI-Minded: they must be okay or okay with the risk, but they could come down to you and using GoPro. And it's also hard to wiggle your way into search results and…
Steve @AI-Minded: things like that because across, the page strength of GoPro is going to just pounce everybody.
Jill Marie: Okay.
Jill Marie: So, let it go.
Steve @AI-Minded: So I would Yes,…
Jill Marie: It's best to let it go.
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Steve @AI-Minded: I would. Yeah. …
Jill Marie: Got it.
Steve @AI-Minded: and so I had been running just placeholder names, And so I'll pull up see which one was it? Okay, so I was running just and I'll get a sense of what I'll go back to the top here.
Steve @AI-Minded: Get a sense of it and we don't have to come up with it at all right now. let's just stick with a placeholder name and you can think about this because it's branding and it's important…
Jill Marie: Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: and then also too is once if you say I love reliable notary network I have my process that I go through to check at the federal trademark level then I check the state and then what businesses are filed already then I Google it then I look for the domain right like the GoPro you have a good domain that's a good domain but if you're only can get a you don't want to necessarily do that. So, there's a lot of different factors that go into this and…
Jill Marie: I don't like it anyway.
Steve @AI-Minded: so think about it, so I'll put all this together for you in a follow-up, but right now I'm working with Sunrise Notary Solutions, which I wouldn't recommend, No. Yeah, I don't either, but it's fits a spot for right now.
00:40:00
Jill Marie: Okay. …
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Steve @AI-Minded: We'll go address services officering. So then I went through the barios website.
Jill Marie: yeah. It is now.
Steve @AI-Minded: And so what I did is essentially and sometimes I didn't go line by line and double check it, but it should be close. I have a better document. Let me looks like it's missing some.
Jill Marie: I see it.
Steve @AI-Minded: Here's the actually hold on a second.
Jill Marie: General marriage living will power fraternity.
Steve @AI-Minded: We are missing some. I'm going to just pop in. Core services. I'm just going to bump this A little easier. So, let's go through this and just tell me when to scroll or if you shout out anything that is incorrect.
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Jill Marie: Let's see.
Jill Marie: New purchase. Okay. It's so funny.
Steve @AI-Minded: Think it's a little bigger. Whoops. That's too big.
Jill Marie: My cursor upstairs in my Mac is still huge the way you made it back in we were talking and I can't figure out how to make it smaller.
Steve @AI-Minded: I can help you do that.
Jill Marie: It's like that one every time I go on there I was on there yesterday.
Steve @AI-Minded: That's crazy. I did do that. You had a precursor ever since.
Jill Marie: I'm like how do I get this thing?
Steve @AI-Minded: All right. I'm going to send you a little recording on…
Jill Marie: I never use that computer anymore, but I will know that I'm back at home. But okay,…
Steve @AI-Minded: how to do it. Is it updated the computer?
Jill Marie: I'm sure it's like Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: All right.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Libby will advance full estate planning directives. Yeah. the only thing I don't want to do is our reverse mortgages. You can take that out of there. I don't do those because they're too long and they can't pay me enough to do it.
Jill Marie: I'm not doing any of the immigration stuff.
Steve @AI-Minded: Okay. I wasn't sure…
Steve @AI-Minded: because you said you were dup. Okay. Maybe I misunderstood that one. Okay.
Jill Marie: Yeah, I don't know if Larry Rivera wants to do any of that. I don't. you can take all that out of there. And then all the tax services, you could take that out.
Jill Marie: I could do it, but I don't want to do it. vehicle stuff is 9 is fine. the apostile under document services. I don't want to do that either. I don't know if I know anybody that would.
Jill Marie: Translation's fine. Bilingual's fine. I don't want to do a vlog unless there's an AI tool that could do it all for me.
Steve @AI-Minded: There is…
Steve @AI-Minded: but we won't go there now.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Steve @AI-Minded: So then this was the other stuff. kind of overlap but these all were included above marriage services all this was there website this is not related to services…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: but I'll take this out okay okay so the other stuff is for the development okay so anything missing on so is this all this right here I can take out…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yes.
Steve @AI-Minded: because it's all above.
Steve @AI-Minded: So, this is all good. Nothing is missing.
Jill Marie: No, those are fine.
Steve @AI-Minded: So, we have those. Let me take this one support features. So, just some basics that we're going to have on here. I'm putting together imagine if there's one thing that no matter…
Steve @AI-Minded: who it is in that pie that I was talking about is going to come to the website. a call to action if they're not, doing a transaction like you said the estate packages and stuff like that. they're booking a appointment with you.
Jill Marie: Yes. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: Either they're booking a time to meet come to you, or you're going out to them for a service, Okay.
Jill Marie: Or a Zoom or a meeting like this. the…
00:45:00
Steve @AI-Minded: So, it can be Take me through what are all the different meeting types.
Jill Marie: but the state planning would a remote meeting like this if they're not local even if they are local it be easier to get the preliminary information and review any documentation with them this would be an initial meeting probably would take 30 minutes.
Jill Marie: That would be for the estate planning stuff, nothing else. general notary work,…
Jill Marie: they could book it with me as well, but that would be a 15minute appointment. So only a virtual meeting for the estate planning or…
Steve @AI-Minded: …
Steve @AI-Minded: would you have a virtual meeting ahead of time? phone call.
Jill Marie: trying to think what else. I can't think of anything else. I'm not doing the immigration stuff.
Jill Marie: though. No,…
Steve @AI-Minded: What about if you're going to closing real estate or something? Is anyone going to book you without having a call with you to come to a certain location?
Jill Marie: because a client like you or me that's closing on a house or…
Jill Marie: something is going to go through title and title is going to call me directly and say, "Hey, I have a deal for you at 1 o'clock on Thursday. Can you be here?" So that would be great. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: Do you want to start to steer your title companies to go through a process online so they don't have to call you and…
Steve @AI-Minded: you can Just start training them to, I've got this moving forward. It's going to make it easier for you.
Jill Marie: I mean that would be like Yeah,…
Steve @AI-Minded: So it would be what?
Jill Marie: that would be so they would request a notary to do a refinance.
Steve @AI-Minded: Summarize that for me.
Jill Marie: It would really just be request for an appointment time and date. There would be no need for a virtual meeting.
Steve @AI-Minded: So you would have to have your calendar you would have up to date, So you would block off days and if you were going to go on vacation and…
Jill Marie: Yes. Yes. Mhm.
Steve @AI-Minded: then therefore when they went on to do that they wouldn't have to call you and find out get your schedule and this and that they would say as long as you keep your calendar up to date and I can build the integration with a calendar that you're keeping track of then it will block. All right. So, it must sync with your personal and…
Steve @AI-Minded: your professional calendar. and this would avoids repeat phone calls, right? Yeah.
Jill Marie: Right. Yeah.
Jill Marie: That would be ideal because my phone wouldn't be ringing all the time. Right. Yeah. Mhm.
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Steve @AI-Minded: Think of those things, I mean, I did a lot of work for government and the whole idea was building a system that reduced mail-in envelopes, people coming in, standing in line, and people calling because that wastes everybody's time and money. So, I look at it as where can we eliminate that for any business and that's what every business is focused on because that's call center, that's staff that's opening, that's manual errors, So we can reduce any of those through this. okay so we want to reduce phone calls. That's really much you don't get mail that kind of stuff. But …
Jill Marie: Right. …
Steve @AI-Minded: what about your email? How important is email?
Jill Marie: the email is going to be important if they're sending documentation over to it.
Steve @AI-Minded: How important is it to have a professional, at the company name versus the company name atgmail.
Jill Marie: I have the info@goper notaries right now. Mean that one. Something like that.
Steve @AI-Minded: So I would say at Gorpro Notarotaries that's…
Steve @AI-Minded: what I mean by a professional website versus if I see GoPro notaries atgmail.
Jill Marie: Super important. Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: So there's a cost to that and it's part of the development. So I would recommend going with Google Workspace and doing it all through. So, you'll have a Gmail, when I email you through mine, I'm in Gmail. It looks just like Gmail, but it's Google the business workspace account. and there's just more bells and…
Steve @AI-Minded: whistles behind the scenes, but you get your domain in your Gmail, which is nice.
Jill Marie: I wonder…
Jill Marie: since they're legal documents and they have to be encrypted, can they send them through Google Workspace? a loan package because right now they're like a company would send me I log into their platform,…
Jill Marie: print from their platform. So it's fine. Title would do the same but Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: you're going to want to use a docy signer or…
Steve @AI-Minded: something like that. It will send through you will it but Google Workplace they have all types of tools and products that you get as part of being a business, but none of them are going to be a secure signing platform. And Google or docuign is pretty cheap and you can just create your own contracts put them in there put where to sign and then issue it out I have docuign for work…
00:50:00
Steve @AI-Minded: but I also get docu signs for realtors and everything and I would recommend docuign but it's probably I think 20 30 bucks a month something like that but yeah it's worth it I mean it's extremely secure there are alter alternatives…
Jill Marie: Okay. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: but the majority of people are going to be and dockets. All right.
Jill Marie: Do Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: So, I'll do that at a certain point and I won't do it yet. after this call issue contract, So, then we feel comfortable because either I'm going to have to have you go in and create the certain accounts or the Dolphin company is it gives me the information and then I say, "Hey, I'm setting up your Google Workspace. You just give me a green light over text." and then expect, this is what you're going to see in terms of costs and then I'm making expenditures on your behalf.
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Jill Marie: Gotcha. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: So it's either or it doesn't matter to me, but I just have to be able to be nimble with the email address so I don't have to keep asking you for the codes that get issued,…
Jill Marie: Yes. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: that kind of stuff.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: So, I'm comfortable in all that space and it's completely up to whatever as long as I can avoid the texting for a code in the five minute window when I'm up at morning.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Whenever it's easy easiest and…
Jill Marie: cool with Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: Yeah. …
Steve @AI-Minded: do you have a company banking account?
Jill Marie: Yes. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: So, you have a card with that.
Jill Marie: Yes. West.
Steve @AI-Minded: You have a card. What bank?
Jill Marie: It's Grow Financial Bank.
Steve @AI-Minded: What is it?
Jill Marie: a Grow Financial Credit Union for West Coast Notaries. That's where it is.
Steve @AI-Minded: All right.
Jill Marie: Yeah, the business banking is there. Yeah. Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: So, I'll also put together you're going to have a fixed cost on this what it will be monthly because if you're standing up these things like Google Workplace, docuine there's going to be the website,…
Steve @AI-Minded: the hosting, things like that. So, it's what you would probably expect, but no surprises. So, I'll just kind of say, "Hey, this is what you can expect for this." But nothing I do is more than it would need to be.
Jill Marie: Okay. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: It's really, and I've actually been working with a new tool that's cheaper than if this had been six months ago. I found something that's, half the cost. So, for building the website,…
Jill Marie: Okay. Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: so I'll get to that in a second, too. All right. So, client support features, contact form. I have a free solution for that, too.  So the way it works is somebody submits a form, it will go to your email address and it will have all the information in the body of the email. typically that's a paid service in and of itself, but I have a free solution which works great. FAQ section. not now, but I will pull from other sites and just general information and send you the FAQs. I think they're helpful.
Steve @AI-Minded: And you can massage them and tweak them a resource library. you could call that a blog, but really it's just like textbased, but it's also serves a purpose of SEO. So, there's going to be an opportunity to have some resources that is not a blog, but is informative, but then they're pages that aren't really seen a whole lot,…
Steve @AI-Minded: but Google their crawlers are grabbing the keywords and it's boosting the credibility of your site.
Jill Marie: Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: You put in links to other sites back links and it boosts the Google's perspective or perception. so I have your certification. So the one you texted me I grabbed the logo. I put that on the website. anything you want to do to highlight credibility or reviews to do you have reviews on Google or…
Jill Marie: There's a few back before I started.
Steve @AI-Minded: anything like that?
Jill Marie: Maybe there might be a few…
Jill Marie: if you search me on Google. I think I try to get some people to Maybe less than 10 for sure. Let's see.
Steve @AI-Minded: Do you have …
Steve @AI-Minded: whoops. I have to go to Google. I stopped using Google.
Jill Marie: Because I think I set up my Google thing last year, it was way after
Steve @AI-Minded: Sorry for me to even get to Google right now. So, you do have a Google Hey,…
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Jill Marie: Google profile I set up.
Jill Marie: I think there it is.
Steve @AI-Minded: okay. that's so good. All right.
Jill Marie: There's more reviews. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: So, you do have this Oops. So, we can tune it up the website, all that kind of stuff. okay Google business reviews tune Google business I like the picture when we get the branding we'll slide that in and…
00:55:00
Jill Marie: Yeah, I think there might be I think Larry Rivera maybe.
Steve @AI-Minded: then we'll move your picture to the website there's going to be other people that you're going to have on the website Right.
Jill Marie: We'll see. Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: Military discount. I think you mentioned that. design elements. So again, I'll give you a brand kit at the end of this. So if you need anyone to make you t-shirts or make it business cards, you give them the brand kit. It's got every color that you use, it has a hex code. It's six digits. And it will have everything in there. all your we'll make sure your logo can scale down. A lot of people don't think about how it will print really small versus large. So, it'll be very basic. And you'll have different types of logos. Black or dark background, light background, transparent, large.
Steve @AI-Minded: An SVG going file is going to be able to scale really big, to a billboard or you wouldn't put a P or a JPEG up there,
Jill Marie: Right. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: So, you'll just get all the different file types. the virtual assets mobile first all that kind of stuff the website can go marketing so again just tying in keywords it's really just the basics and we'll get the goal is just not to build the end product of your website…
Jill Marie: Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: but just to build the main foundation but a solid site and more than a landing page which I yeah
Jill Marie: Yeah. that was a great simple explanation.
Jill Marie: And I was able to get to an answer quickly with your simple I mean I just picked a date…
Steve @AI-Minded: Good. Yeah, I think I'm glad this is appropriate for a website for a lot of reasons. team responsibilities blah blah blah. Project timeline. So you said April 27th, so it's down here.
Jill Marie: so I'm not in any rush I mean it could be June.
Steve @AI-Minded: Okay. …
Jill Marie: I mean, the idea was to just like I'm going to go out tomorrow, so just network with people, but I'm going to be here all of April and all of May, and depending on I think I'm going to get out of Florida all of July and August anyway, but when I get back, this will be, know what I mean? I could still be,
Steve @AI-Minded: I'm going to say, April 27th because I think it's important that for me especially to have a delivery date and…
Jill Marie: Yeah.  Sure. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: and V1 can be a single page website, your presence is up and we're hosting and then Google starts to scrape it and it starts to materialize without really being substantial but it has presence and so then I'm rolling out tonight the guy called me back to do another contract some work because he wants to do another push into a chatbot right so I build a chatbot for him which might be I don't know it  makes more sense for him. I don't know if chat bots are important. So next steps all this stuff just part of my template Q&A. All right. Yeah. So what I do is essentially which is interesting is I take all the information that you've given me from text messages to that website.
Steve @AI-Minded: I scraped and pulled everything down. And essentially what I do is, I build a second brand I call them. and…
Steve @AI-Minded: this is a website called where are you? GitHub, but essentially it serves a purpose to everything in here. the sun I pulled cover letters, the site map. I come in here. Everything's in here…
Jill Marie: Okay. Mhm.
Steve @AI-Minded: where it's a repository that this is all connected all this information that I pulled from your USPS business things like all these different reports. a trademark compliance audit report I have room I read a lot of stuff…
Jill Marie: Cool. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: but the point is that an AI typically…
Jill Marie: Cool. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: if you've heard of Jack GPT it sits on the internet of data and so you can ask it who won the Super Bowl in 1980 and it'll know it but this bot that I created it's just called Jill and notary repo but it's not train it won't know recipes it won't know this or…
Jill Marie: Awesome. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Steve @AI-Minded: that it only knows all those files that were there. So that's what it's trained on. And so what's cool about this is I can ask it, when is the website due? So it's going to go through it, As it trains, it knows really quickly. what's it April 27th? There you go. so it's pulling from all this stuff and it gives you a source. the cool thing about this is that I can have it I could say code me a chatbot based on the Q&A pages, this and that. So, it's like you think of it as a sphere of data and spin off things. We were starting to get there with Gan, but it's like this is the…
01:00:00
Steve @AI-Minded: what businesses are doing in the future. This is what I do with bigger companies in terms of helping them is I build repositories of data that either sit in front of a sales team so they don't have to go into their CRM and they interact with a bot that goes in and…
Jill Marie: Yeah, I get it.
Steve @AI-Minded: gets it for them.
Jill Marie: Totally get it.
Steve @AI-Minded: And so it's like a code a chat bot for this notary.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: It's just cool.
Jill Marie: It reminds me a little bit of I interviewed back a year and a half ago with a company named I want to see Vile. they do clinical trials, but they're an AI based clinical trial company that speeds up clinical trials.
Jill Marie: So I interviewed with them and I was really excited to get the job. But it was working with stuff like this. It was really interesting. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: Yeah. Yeah. So, I just kind of tell it what language to And so it's become the skill set is in organizing it all, knowing how to interact with it, knowing the code to make changes, but I don't have to type all this stuff anymore and I'm not very good at it, so it's very cool. So it's building you a chatbot. So that's how you can hear the sirens. easy it is to kind of scale an imagination of…
Steve @AI-Minded: 
Steve @AI-Minded: what this can do. So my mind will I'm a chief of innovation in who I am and so I will stay at bay for V1 and…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: do this but I can't help myself but to introduce really cool ideas just because this is what gets me excited and you take it and be a different notary company because anywhere there's every old stodgy business models like real estate or notaries it's a typically copycat industries and…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: there's a new wave of individuals coming through who are getting used to a way of doing business. So, I think I haven't done enough research yet, but maybe there's some areas to be different, Here's your website that I have one of them here.
Jill Marie: I love all of it.
Jill Marie: Look at that.
Steve @AI-Minded: So again, stock pictures,…
Jill Marie: Yeah. Gotcha.
Steve @AI-Minded: Sunrise Notary, but I've got basically the site map is your home. I'll go down services, schedule, about us, contact, client resources, and a book now button. so the fold line is everything above where I start scrolling. I'm on a huge monitor, so I have to get it a little bit more. So, It's responsive. So, that's a tablet. That's a phone.
Jill Marie: Wow, that's awesome.
Steve @AI-Minded: And so come down here. Let's get it over to It's clean.
Jill Marie: I love it. It's clean.
Steve @AI-Minded: And so, right now it's just kind of a tan background.
Steve @AI-Minded: These are probably wrong. I just Googled it. This is somebody else's notary commission. And, this is not a live site if you see this scrambled URL. So blah blah blah.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Awesome.
Steve @AI-Minded: So I will send you this look at all the locations you have.
Jill Marie: Yeah. Brandon Wesley Chapel.
Steve @AI-Minded: So yeah the book now doesn't work obviously.
Jill Marie: It's great. Love it. Yeah, cool.
Steve @AI-Minded: Here the services works. Golfport All right schedule about us. obviously the pictures right and so here's form. we'll look at this PN All right. So, it's just resources and then a book now doesn't work. That So, I mean, that's what I'm looking at from a sitemap perspective is home, services, schedule, about us, contact, spread around the keywords,…
Jill Marie: Yeah, looks great. Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: put your credibility there, make call to action really easy, tie in reviews.  Okay, So, I'll run now that I have some better idea of the services. I'll clean those up. I'll send you a list of ideas for some branding. I did some let's see, where was I? Yeah, I was playing with this with some designs.
01:05:00
Steve @AI-Minded: I'll send you some ones that I like for branding and then whatever we like from a logo perspective I'll pull different color schemes different pallets and…
Jill Marie: Okay. No.
Steve @AI-Minded: then I will change the hex codes on the website so it matches this and then if you like this one which we don't this would be your what a favicon is you can see my tab see every tab I have Gmail.
Jill Marie: Yes. Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: These are favicons and they go in. It's by 32, so they're tiny. but it's part of the brand kit is you need a favicon you need a version of your logo that isn't really a lot of text for the top left.
Jill Marie: Okay. Yeah.
Steve @AI-Minded: See how this company uses this but that's logo,…
Jill Marie: Okay, cool.
Steve @AI-Minded: So, you need different versions of it. And so, I'll create all that. And all right. I think I'll send a contract. I haven't thought about …
Steve @AI-Minded: what we can work on in terms of getting this website for you too. So, I'll think about that and then I'll probably just say, "Hey, here's a low, medium, high of how much we can do in terms scale." And then,…
Jill Marie: Okay.
Jill Marie: Okay.
Steve @AI-Minded: if you just let me know, then I can work with you.
Jill Marie: Sounds good.
Steve @AI-Minded: 
